
			POEM 1: Victim Of The Times
			
			I paid for their penicilin. 
			Yet the faculty calls me a villain!
			
			Oh the humanity, we found a victim of the times. 
		
			I promise you, I saw him draw.
			Now I'm suspended with paid time off.
			
			Oh dear, we got a victim of the times.
		
			I thought I knew her legal age.
			Now I'm reassigned to a naval base.
			
			Alas, another victim of the times. 
		
			The quotas this year were spectacular.
			Now the natives are seizing my factory!
			
			Lo and behold, a true victim of the times. 
			
			I never did it! You must be delusional!
			I'm just an innocent movie producer!
			
			A moment of silence, for a victim of our times.
	
			POEM 2: When A Stranger Kills A Stranger
			
			It happens more often than you'd think.
			In fact, miss it and you'll blink. 
			But from the speeches of our leaders.
			Witnessed daily throughout the media. 
			It's there on many layers.
			Just strangers killing strangers.
			
			Some wear a helmet, some wear a hat.
			Some murder children, some adopt cats.
			They each get a uniform.
			They each get a flag. 
			Just strangers filling up body bags. 
			
			They fight, and they die, and they scream
			and they bleed. Some of them suffer, some
			of them flee. Some of them cry, bitter tears
			of death. While clueless civilians chant
			"never forget." 
			
			The bones of ours lay sacred with laurels. 
			The bones of theirs fade into stories. 
			We throw confetti and throw parades. 
			They're torn apart by hand grenades.
			We wave our flags, our hearts swell with pride.
			They develop likelihood of suicide. 
			
			We never ask about their fear or their shame.
			We daren't speak evil by its true name. 
			Each night as they see that face in the mirror.
			Looking back with an expression of terror. 
			No one wants to know this darkeness sublime.
			How nought feels the same when you take someone's life.
			
			But in the end, whether foe or friend, 
			It's all just strangers killing strangers. 
			
			POEM 3: Those Ladies Sure Are Crazy
			
			I will tell you who's truly crazy.
			That's right, I'm talking ladies.
			It's all "YAKYAKYAK-I need you to listen!"
			Those crazy ladies sure got some issues.
			
			Just the other day when I got home from work
			Off she goes just treating me like a jerk
			Just "WAHWAHWAH-I'm trying to tell you!"
			Those crazy ladies sure love their yelling. 
			
			Up in the morning, we all know what's next.
			Thar she blows, going straight for my neck. 
			She goes "BLABLABLA-just hear what I say!"
			Those crazy ladies, just nagging all day. 
			
			I come home from work, and finally! No hassle!
			It's all nice and quiet, I'm the king of the castle!
			And just when I thought life was better, I see on 
			the table a handwritten letter. 
			
			Now I'm alone, hopeless and lost. It's ten in the morning, and I'm
			already sloshed. All I can do is drink through my grieving. 
			Why did that crazy lady suddenly up and leave me? 
			
			
			POEM 4: Gray Days
			I'm sitting next to the window looking over the street, as I see
			the raindrops gently streak across my window. Laden with the greasy and
			bright colours of pollution, I think of how the toxins drizzle and
			drip down the pours of millions of innocent people, causing their
			cells to toxify and mutate, giving them unexplained tumours and 
			chronic medical problems that inevitably cause further grief and
			pain to their loved ones. 
			
			I look at the beautiful stones that adorn the old antique buildings
			by the park, and think of all the Victorian mine workers who suffered
			and died at any number of perils such as violent labour disputes, 
			silica poisoning, soot lung and bronchitis. I think of their poor
			and starving families in shabby warrens burgeoning beneath a hazy
			and polluted sky, as orphaned children cry in the streets. 
			
			I see a beautiful forest ahead of me, and think of all the lumber
			that is being used in weapons factories to produce the furnishings
			of cheap assault rifles in the third world, and how they will in all
			likelihood end up in some of the most brutal civil conflicts known 
			to man, adding yet another drop to an infinite sea of blood.
			
			Then I look at the flowers, and think of all the flowers left on
			roadside vigils across the nation, as innocent souls are lost to
			the selfish and thoughtless crime of drunk driving, and how the
			sheer pain and devastation hits those families like a tsunami
			that just drains the world of colour, and wither every hope. 
			
			And then my attention is cut short by the screeching sirens of a
			fire truck barrelling down the street at high speed, and I think
			to myself "Oh cool, a firetruck!"
			
		
			POEM 5: Try not to think about it. 
			
			There's just something very wrong.
			It's like you've stopped being strong.
			Everyone else seem to have it together.
			Yet you get knocked down by a single feather.
			
			Try not to think about it. 
			
			Your hopes feel distant, and each day is a chore.
			The air is robbed of colour, it just isn't like before.
			You try to tell people, and ask for good will.
			They tell you to contact a service for the mentally ill. 
			
			Try not to think about it. 
			
			The feeling takes over, and breaks you from within. 
			Like a thousand shadows, hiding under your skin. 
			You look out the balcony, down at the ground. 
			You search for that number and hear a familiar sound.
			Phone's out of credit, the rent is late, I guess
			you're alone, in a world full of hate.
			
			Try not to think about it. 
			
			Months turns to years, but it all stays the same. 
			You're constantly punished, yet suffered no blame. 
			Your muscles get tense as you struggle to breathe. 
			You cry out in anguish, yet nobody heeds. 
			Your mind ventures through the years that you've lost.
			
			Try not to think about it. 
			
			You contact that service for the mentally ill. 
			They want information and got forms for you to fill.
			You don't know half of the things that they ask.
			With a sense of defeat, you give up on your task. 
			
			Try not to think about it. 
			
			So you sit, alone in your flat. Living on benefits,
			with the roaches and rats. Sour milk and rotten food.
			Layers of filth blanket the rooms. You sit alone, 
			surrounded by bottles. In a state of misery, a human being
			forgotten. The landlord is yelling, your rent is due. 
			He says that the authorities are coming to get you.
			
			Try not to think about it. 
			
			As you go outside, you're greeted by a face. Its not like the others,
			its gentle, with grace. A look of compassion catches your eye, and
			this gentle soul asks "Are you alright?" 
			
			Taken aback by their sudden insight, you struggle to speak and stay
			polite. "Thank you I'm fine, just lack of sleep." You smile through
			the pain, the first and the last, this saint takes their leave. 
			
			If only they asked when it wasn't too late. Then maybe I could
			express my dire state. But now that I fumble, my will is so weak,
			I'm too used to lying when I'm prompted to speak. 
			
			Try not to think about it.
			
			You lost your will as you hang up the phone. Your case worker
			says there's been a reform. Inelligible from here on out,
			your mind wells up with fears and doubts. Now what is there?
			How do I survive? Where will I go, when I get kicked out? 
			
			With a fan in the kitchen, and a belt in your hand, you venture
			into unknown lands.
			
			Try not to think about it. 
