OBJECTIVES:
	
	- Burn Corpses
	- Burn biohazards
	- Clear the floor

HAZARDS:
	
	Heat pipes
	Steam bursts
	Electrical discharge
	Slippery surfaces
	Flammable gas
	Unstable power cells that explode if you sprint near them
	

OBSTACLES:
	Lock types: 
		Different kinds of locks that require different approaches to break
		depending on brand. One might need drilling and a sledgehammer, another
		might need welding, etc.  

DOWNTIME:
	Eating:
		There is a nozzle with a face mask that you need to put on once per
		day, triggering a hilarious and gross sequence where liquidated food
		is being piped down into your throat in a very unpleasant manner, 
		followed by a procedurally generated caption about how it tastes. 
		
		Very much a mix of shock comedy and horror, I want the sound to be
		really gross, like throat sounds and machinery as you just get gruel
		piped right into your stomach in a matter of seconds.
		
		I also want the mask to cover the whole face, so you need to basically
		bend down, and when it makes contact I want there to be the sound of a 
		suction seal for added horror. 
		
		The device will have the following branding:
			"FOREVER FOOD: Recipes passed down from generations."
		
		SLIME will also make funny comments when it happens like:
			"There you go, that's quality."
			"Go on, time for din-dins."
			"Try and keep your nose closed."
			"Just what a growing convict needs."
			"There you go, happy dreams."
			"Fun fact: These things are made with disabilities in mind."
	
	Sleeping:
		Instead of all that boring human sleep, you have been equipped with your
		very own NyctoQwik sleep machine! It stimulates brain waves to give you
		the effect of a healthy night's sleep in mere minutes. 
		
		After enjoying their forever food, the player will step into the pod
		only to be greeted with a dark and sealed environment. Then begins a
		sequence of harsh static with creepy auditory hallucinations and 
		flashing images of decaying environments. After this unsettling sequence
		of events, the player wakes up standing in a random part of the carriage.
		
		Ideas for sounds:
			Broken and repetitive melodies.
			Water harp.
			Ghostly voices.
			Grinding metal.
			Footsteps
			Banging on walls
			Crying
			Church bells
			Flies
			Crows
			Rattling chains
	
	WorkNet Archive:
		You can also log on to your terminal and access the WorkNet, a kind of
		long defunct archive of a chat service made for punitive workers such
		as yourself. You will be given a handful of random posts each day that
		you can look through, containing hints at what is happening, and learn
		about the dark secrets of your employers. 
		
		A lot of them will be practical advice and everyday complaints, but
		some will be very uncanny. A few ideas. 
		
		"Has anyone seen a strange man when they're in the NyctoQwik?"
		"I think the NyctoQwik flashes creepy stuff by design to somehow keep
		our moods in check."
		"If this is a punishment, why do they make us forget what we did?"
		"Sometimes I get flashbacks, and I really don't seem like a bad person."
		"One time I saw another carriage pass me by, just for a moment."
		"I don't think SLIME is an AI. I swear I can hear someone moving in the 
		walls."
		"My SLIME just changed from an Australian accent into a British one and
		keeps gaslighting me about it!"
		"Does anyone else feel weird foreign objects in their forever food? I
		swear something scratches at my throat."
		"I heard something knocking on the door last night! It went on for hours.
		SLIME says it was nothing and that I'll feel better once I have dinner."
		"I just found one of our own at the site I was cleaning. It looked violent.
		How is that even possible?!" 
