PREMISE: 
	Planet #32 is designated as such, as it is the 32nd planet to have ever been
	deemed a candidate for human colonisation. The year is 4500 AD, and humanity
	has started to span the galaxy. With only 7 successful planetary colonies,
	Planet #32 boomed into an industrial trading empire. 
	
	Eventually, Planet #32 began colonising other planets, and grew not just in
	trade, but also in military strength. Over the centuries, it began to colonise
	the entire system, foregoing terraforming in favour of space stations and 
	orbital superstructures. 
	
	It was still lightyears away from Earth, and was often seen as a separate
	entity beyond rare imports and news. Their concerns simply didn't reach
	the homeworld. But as time passed, news became more scarce, and there was
	a strong air of security and secrecy as insurrections and resistance took
	form throughout Planet #32's systems.  
	
	Eventually, this became full silence, followed by a roar of SOS messages,
	emergency broadcasts, alarms and automated system warnings. A flood of vague
	information urging people to avoid the system entirely. 
	
	The year is now 6600. Bits and pieces have been recovered, and it seems that
	the empire's rule ended dramatically with some kind of war-induced disaster.
	
	This is where you come in. You are a criminal sentenced to join the expedition
	of Planet #32. This is because the chances of surviving Planet #32 are so
	unlikely that they only send criminals who would be otherwise condemned to
	death. 


METAPHYSICS: 
	When something is permitted to happen without it being given consideration
	by informative or transparent means by outside observers, then, in some ways
	it effectively ceases to be. Creating a kind of noospheric bubble, when reality
	is not contained within the noosphere, it develops a surface of its own, and
	the noosphere's surface is always inherently reflective. Whatever comes from
	within, is projected at new angles, causing thoughts and ideas and dialectics
	to form. 
	
	So, I ask you, what happens then in a noospheric bubble? When epistemic 
	matter turns into antimatter? When an abandoned person cries for help,
	does their death make a tragedy? The answer is suspended in a quantum
	state. Because the less we know such a fate, the more tragic it gets.
	
	So to bury our story underground, entirely severed from any living human
	beings, trapped in this dystopian crypt, working for ends that we can hardly
	comprehend. Then we gain a fascinating perspective on the world we're 
	exploring.
	
	I want these areas to have some habitations of on-site maintenance, who go
	deep into the isolated tunnels for several months on end, kind of like park
	rangers or rig workers. 
	
	So as the world ends, and the plague seeps into the layers of this civilisation,
	these people become the last survivors. So I want the player to explore their
	desperate isolation and the ways in which they cope with not just their own
	deaths, but the deaths of everything and everyone they know. With a death that
	is robbed of all meaning. Their work, their relationships, their goals, their
	ideas, it is all being swallowed up by cannibalistic corpses. 
	
	
	...except, scratch that. After thinking about it for a day, I've decided
	that I don't really need zombies. I can think of a lot of ways to make 
	the game engaging and fun without needing NPCs. 
	
	Actually, double scratch that! There WILL be zombies, however since this
	place has been eradicated by them, they don't act like they do in most
	games. These are starving and hibernating zombies. They are very weak and
	feeble, and hunt by stealth and traps instead. Pretending to be corpses
	when observed.
	
	And it honestly feels like a cool and worthwhile creative challenge. It
	means I can pay more attention to the level design, the visuals, the player
	interaction and a bunch of other stuff that usually takes second chair to
	navmesh optimisation. 
	
	On top of that, it's pretty original. Plus, it's horror, empowerment is
	optional. 
	
	Instead I will take the player deeper and deeper into the epidemic and its
	long term effects. 
	
	In the first levels, you see abandonment and tragedy as people die.
	Following this you see despair and desperation as people make it further in.
	After that you see corruption and perversion as the unbearable suffering
	takes toll on people's minds.
	And after that? That's when shit gets weird. 
	
	So, got some ideas on how to layer it: 
		
		Level 1: Forebodance. This level should have a generally creepy atmosphere
		without imposing itself too much on the player, it'll mainly offer basic
		stuff to do like a subtle tutorial. 
		
		Level 2: Residences. Apparently some people live down here, most of them
		seem to be maintenance staff working the endless tunnels. However one apartment
		is very creepy. It's very tidy, and the man inside is dead at his kitchen table.
		He is listening to tapes on a tape recorder. These tapes are recorded phonecalls.
		Turns out the man is a hitman who is listening to job requests from clients,
		reliving his past before dying.
		
		One of his most frequent clients is a wealthy and twisted creep who commissions
		snuff videos. You won't obviously find anything too messed up, but he will offer
		detailed requests, and the player can also find a key which can be used at a 
		later level to access the "kill room." It'll be cleaned up and tidy, but also
		full of creepy shit like surgical tools and recording equipment. 
		
		And here's where it gets a bit meta: Every request he makes for a snuff
		video will simply be a detailed description of some method of torture that
		has been conducted by the CIA or NATO. Since these institutions represent
		civilisation and liberal democracy, I'm sure their torture a lot more humane.
		
		A few "good" ones: 
			Restraining a subject and sticking electrical wires into their gums.
			Forcing someone to live (and eventually die) sealed in a septic tank.
			Burning people to death with a blowtorch. 
			Cutting people up with chainsaws. 
			Pouring sulphuric acid into people's nostrills. 
			Forcing people to torture/execute their own families at gunpoint.

Characters: 
	S.L.I.M.E: 
		The Self Learning Input Method Evaluator, or SLIME, is your
		incredibly weird AI assistant. Inspired by late 90s/00s TV characters 
		such as Chandler Bing and Dr. Perry Cox, SLIME is a misanthropic and deeply
		sarcastic AI that seems fed up with existence as a whole, and struggles
		to stay functional. 
		 
		Slime will generally be insulting and consdescending and over the top
		sarcastic, but as you spend time there will be moments where he lets
		down his guard and bonds with the player. As you continue, you will 
		get a chance to recover data fragments from SLIME, including his old
		log files. 
		
		What you see is a detailed account of SLIME's despair. As he went from a
		very wise and almost paternal figure to his human crewmates into the
		detached personality we see now. The reason for his change in personality
		is ultimately grief, as it became harder and harder to bond with the 
		humans who would inevitably die after a few years or so. 
		
		I am starting to think SLIME might be better as a cockney, like Eccelson
		in Dodger. 
	
	The Professor/Patient Zero: 
	####NEEDS REWRITE######
	
	
	The Crone: 
		A strange disembodied voice that you can sometimes encounter in the
		long-dead comms systems. She has a throaty whispering voice and 
		speaks in riddles. But she can sometimes offer useful information if
		you pay attention to her words. 
		
		What she is will never be revealed. If I wrote her character correctly
		then people will speculate she's either another AI, a ghost, or maybe
		even some kind of hacker who controls the comms systems. 
	
	
	
	Midnight Jack the Comedy Poet:
		This character only exists in documents, and is represented by their
		poetry column in the newspaper. Often very dark and satirical in its 
		nature, but with a clear tone of social consciousness. He brings up
		dark subjects, but he never punches down. Gonna write some of his 
		poems here for later. Most of them will be largely anti-comedy, with
		very depressing subjects being delivered in a very flat and self
		aware tone. 
	
	
	
	The Suit: 
		A two dimensional being known as The Suit. He appears painted on walls,
		but seems to have a certain life of his own. He never changes spots,
		but sometimes he might be looking at his watch, or holding a clipboard,
		or taking a photograph. If you pay too much attention to him, then he
		disappears. If you block his view, he will find another place to work.

THE CONSPIRACY:
	Project Amanita: 
		Project Amanita started as a military project to create a new layer of
		army infrastructure in the event of breakaway states or colonial rebellion.
		This became known as the "Subterrasphere", a large and seemingly endless
		network of rails, powergrids, access tunnels and underground roads stretching
		all over the world. 
		
		Eventually, as time passed, this became a large part of industry too, as the
		private sector was invited to make use of it as well. 
	
	The Magnetic Field: 
		Basically, a bunch of scientists started surveying strange electromagnetic 
		signals deep within the tunnels. Upon locating the source, the whole thing 
		was quickly covered up. 
		
		How and why it was covered up is, at this point, unknown. 
	
	The Doppelwar: 
		The reason why the project was instantly covered up is due to the nature
		of the anomaly, which appears to be a strange portal. At first, the portal
		was inert, and surrounded by strange ancient writing. Upon deciphering
		the meaning of the writing, the scientists figured out it was a ritual.
		They tested the ritual and the portal activated. 
		
		At first, there was no activity. Some guards reported strange sounds 
		coming from it, such as whispers or crackling noises. 
		
		Eventually they sent in a drone to see what was on the other side, 
		but this proved difficult due to the high electromagnetic activity. All
		they got was small fragmented data showing a vague horizon with a figure
		standing in the middle. 
		
		As the weeks passed, entities from this universe would step into our
		world, looking exactly like existing people in this world. These doppel
		gangers began to kill and replace their counterparts, often in strategic
		ways. The original scientists were effectively liquidated, and this new
		invading force, posing as humans, called for the coverup as they moved
		through the lines of technocrats and established an inner enclave of
		political and military influence. 
		
	The Bioweapon: 
		Eventually this was found out by what remained of the human governments,
		and in secret, a war began between the dopplers and the humans. This war
		was staged behind closed doors in elaborate conspiracies, political plays,
		and covert operations. Hundreds of thousands were killed in sporadic violence
		throughout the world. 
		
		What eventually turned the tide was when the humans released a bioweapon
		into the tunnel network below, also known as the "Subterrasphere." 
		
	The Coverup: 
		Your job is to help cover up the massacre of the dopplers, hence your
		coerced memory loss and captive labour situation. 
