NOTE 1: Letter To Friend
"You were right about this place. It attracts some real oddballs. For the most part it's just other tech moles like myself on a six month contract. It's like rig working or mining, you give your pound of flesh to the darkness and the quiet, but then you go home with a fat bundle of cash and take the next six months off. Can't wait to see the girls again. 

I swear, no matter how boring my stories about work are, they look at me as though I'm a knight slaying dragons. That's why I don't mind the deep dark. I just think about how I'm doing it for them, you know?

That's the corporate gig anywho. But then you got the private renters. And far be it for me to cast judgement, but... WOW. They are a strange bunch let me tell you.

Some of the guys call them stiffs. Because they're always stiff, like robots, like they're really tense-like. Usually they got intense eyes too. Hard to explain but it's almost like they're too laser-focused in everything they do. Like if they open a door, they're thinking about opening a door, they don't just do it with muscle memory.

I think it's been twice now that I've seen these types get raided by police. Cops won't say what's going on besides safety information, but the second time I walked past the open door on my way to my own quarters and... oh boy, I really wish I hadn't.

I glanced in just as one of the detectives opened the freezer compartment on the fridge, and this - and I swear I'm not making this up, this isn't like that time in school when we joked to the teachers about the hooked-hand man, but I swear on my mother - there was this severed head that just came... rolling out. It was frozen solid, just tumbling along the kitchen floor as the compartment door swung open.

Looked and behaved like a head of lettuce or something. Took both me and the detective a moment to even realise what it was.

Like what do you even say about that? This fella had been my neighbour for the last four months and apparently he had kept a head in his freezer the whole time. I won't be dramatic and say that it could've been me, because truth is that they leave us company men alone since people notice when we're missing.

It's more like... what the heck even is this? What could someone possibly do, or not do, to warrant something like this? 

I mean sure, we all watch TV shows, we all know there's bad guys in the world. We can all see how killing can be kind of a nuanced deal but... there's a big difference between putting a bad guy in the dirt and whatever the heck this is about.

I mean he lived with that thing for Christ sake, and was presumably preserving it for some kind of reason.

When the detective saw me in the doorway he instructed one of the officers to close the door shut. I did catch him having a cigarette later on when I was taking the trash out, and I got a chance to apologise for prying and truth is we kind of spoke for a bit. Because he seemed real rattled, like he wanted to get something off his chest. 

And you know me, it's like that time back in the neighbourhood when Mrs. Broadhurst was waiting in the snow for the locksmith, and we both know who was more than happy to invite her to the kitchen for a cup of tea. I try to be there, always do. Saw this fella's face and knew someone needed an invite for tea. 

He did let up a bit after that and told me this was surprisingly common. He said the head belonged to a woman, and he suspected it was a working gal. So I asked him how he could possibly know that, and he said this was all too common. Textbook, he called it.  

Apparently it's some kind of pattern of killing, where young and single guys will bump off a lady of the night and keep some of her preserved. Says detectives call them 'freezer wives.'

He says they don't really do anything to the dead women. They just like having them around, like they own them or something. He was at some kind of lecture about it last year, said the leading theory was that it has to do with a media thing. 

Young men being raised seeing women as highly aspirational objects, made distant by the glitz and glamour of advertising. All those bikini girls and the like, background dancers in beer commercials. Apparently it makes women not only appear unattainable, but also as an object to own. 

And then I suppose all this murdering business begins to make sense to them, taking out their frustrations on real women. 

He said it's so common these days that cops have an unwritten rule about always taking pictures of women who wander alone in the tunnels, since more often than not, it'll become pertinent to a homicide investigation.

Now with all this that he told me I feel like I'm a real expert at it now. But even so... what I don't get is, if it's so textbook like he said, and such a common pattern, if they know about it then... why don't they stop it before it spirals out of control?

Why do they let these guys keep on killing women? You got whole fields of social sciences and professor types lecturing on the matter, but then what? What's the point of just keeping tally of all these women being murdered if we don't step up to protect any of them?

I must've personally installed over a hundred security cameras down here at all kinds of worksites. But what's the point of me climbing that darn ladder if nobody's any safer?

It's like... what the heck are they doing? That's my question. What in the actual heck are they, y'know, doing, exactly?"

NOTE 2: Journal Entry
"Guys down at infra have these weird stories about shit that happens in the deeper levels, and say the reason there's so many checkpoints and authorised zones is due to how hard it is to keep order. How the place is just crawling with criminal degeneracy. Apparently some of the local youth gangs like to do something called hammer parties, where they basically grab some unsupecting drifter, take them someplace remote, and just beat the guy to death with blunt tools.

For a long time this was considered bullshit you told the rooks for shits and giggles... until today, when I was called into an emergency meeting by PR. Apparently one of our senior managers retired, and IT found the porn folder on his PC... I say his, it's actually company property. 

Turns out the guy was hosting a website with just hours and hours of footage of hammer parties, along with similarly fucked up shit he was paying the youth gangs to record for him. Looks like the guy had a real power tool fetish, paid them to use just about every piece of handheld equipment our storage rooms had to offer. 

You normally hear about the stiffs doing this kind of thing, but a corpo? With business resources? That's kinda scary considering the lawlessness down here.

Anyways, after saying that we should notify the authorities, they fired me. Claiming it would be 'unfair' and 'short-sighted' to sully the reputation of a respected and hardworking family man. How everyone has their flaws, and I was being too harsh in my judgements of him. That it wasn't right of me to condemn someone so quickly without getting to know them first.

Then they forced me to sign an NDA if I wanted to see my severance.

And like a fucking coward, I signed it. But I figured I'd ought to write it down in my journal at least so the truth can surface when I'm dead."


NOTE 3: HR Complaint
"I am getting sick and tired of Gerard's bullshit! This is the THIRD TIME I caught him huffing paint in one of the access shafts! Always the same fucking story, and I don't understand it. Keeps talking about the 'toothfairy'. Apparently this lanky figure with a big and creepy mask has been following him around on his job site. 

No CCTV footage to confirm this. I asked him why he called it the toothfairy of all things, and he said it had spoken to him. That it called itself the toothfairy, and made threatening allusions to removing his teeth with pliers.

I don't know what kind of shit he's on, but not one security tape has any evidence of masked men, nor are there any accounts of this happening in the past. I think he's just a junkie, and we'd be better off firing him before he fucks up any further."

CONTEXT: This email should be found in the lair of the toothfairy.
