18 OCT 25:
	Experienced a new emotion today, it's a bit like dread, except more dreadful,
	I call it Superdread and it feels a bit like how I'd imagine it would feel if
	you were a sentient field of flesh made entirely out of nerve endings, being
	tilled by a million devils who are trying to grow vines of barbed wire through
	your tissue. 
	
	So I figured that maybe I could feel a bit better by keeping a journal as I
	work. 
	
	I've just abandoned a project, and I do that a lot. But I think that might
	be a good thing, because each time I go a little further along. I always
	leave with new experience, and often an improved product. I think the reason
	why is because I look at the project down the line, and examine its core
	weaknesses in comparison to the wealth of knowledge and resources that I am
	currently possessing and as well as a margin proportional to what I may be
	possessing at that future point of time, and if I begin to see critical 
	contradictions in the scope and long-term gameplay, then I tend to axe the
	project. 
	
	Current limitations: 
		MAPPING AND NAVMESHING. I am new to navigation code, and I think it is
		better to do the simple thing well than to do the ambitious thing poorly.
		As such, I figured an enclosed environment with corridors and rooms and
		with little to no verticality is a great way to start off.
		
		Moreover, it is extremely rare that I see a game with complex geometry 
		have particularly noteworthy AI. Half-Life, Arma 2... and that's about
		it. No one ever played Skyrim and thought "Wow, I love how the AI makes
		good use of the terrain and rely on clever strategy."
		
		Although I hear Fallout 4's AI can be kinda sick if you mod it. 
		
		Point is, by setting my game in a set of utility tunnels, I can make 
		actual good NPCs, I'll just have to give them fun and complex behaviours
		to make up for how they don't know how to climb ladders. 
	
		VOICE ACTING: 
			I am a solo dev, and while I can do frankly an outrageous amount of
			accents (including the forbidden ones), truth is, I'm best sticking
			with an isolated environment where voices are few. But also give the
			game a bit of charm using SLIME. 
		
		ASSETS:
			I am not great at 3D, and even if I was, high quality 3D takes a lot
			of time that I lack. So I will be shopping at the Creative Commons
			for a lot of the complex props. I'm really good at shaders and I know
			how to clean up and optimise mesh data, so I will be fixing up a lot 
			of these assets and make sure that they have even light levels and 
			basically do my absolute best to give them polish and adaptation. 
			
			So yes, I'm recycling assets, but I do it more in a way that a 
			recycling plant does it, with some actual work and effort.
			
			I will also be scripting and animating everything since that's really
			my strength. I suck at pretty much everything besides coding and design.
			Thankfully those are the two baseline requirements to make a good game.
			No one ever praised Mojang for their art department, that's all I'm
			saying. 
		
		BUDGET:
			This is where resourcefulness really comes in. I have a budget of 
			0. This is why I have to always think one step ahead, I got no 
			bailouts or handouts or safety nets or silver spoons. Need to be
			really clever and stay one step ahead of downfall. 
			
			But, I got sketchfab for props, fuse for characters, Mixamo for
			animations and pixabay for sounds. 
			
			And that may sound derivative and creatively bankrupt, but personally
			I'd beg to differ. Bespoke or not, anything looks bad when you don't
			make an effort and only think about money. 
			
			Stonehenge, the Pyramids and French châteaus are all the same derivative
			mountain slop, but people still like them, don't they? That's because
			they have labours in them. Labours makes things sacred, gives them
			meaning and depth. You can breathe life into anything if you just 
			make an effort to believe. 
		
		TIME: 
			My life has been postponed a great deal by a series of unforeseen
			circumstances. I need to find a purpose. So I don't want to linger
			too much on my first project. I want to make enough money to feel
			established in my career as a game developer. Obviously I want a 
			product that gives quality and entertainment. I want to do this as
			an authentic game developer. I'm not greedy, just a little bit 
			desperate. But I don't intend to lower the quality of the product
			to cut corners. Rather, I am looking towards ways of efficiency. 
			
			Free assets is a big part of that of course, so is the setting and
			the limited characters. But I think time constraint will result
			in more cut content. That's fine though, people like cut content,
			it gives them little mysteries to explore. And I really like those
			youtube videos about cut content. That's actually why I am trying to
			document things a lot. If I am taking this seriously, then I should
			work with the assumption that people will be curious about my work.
			
			Not in an arrogant kind of way, more in a "Only 0.3% of the human
			population knows how to write code"-kind of way. Even dull people
			become interesting when they know something others don't. 

		I would ideally depict real self harm for the blood magic, but I know 
		there will be a slew of whiny liberals who always complain about it. 
		They claim it's for how we need to be compassionate about mental health 
		or whatever, but I kind of doubt it. Never seems to come from a place of
		compassion. 
		
		I think the real reason is because liberalism has a limit in what it is
		allowed to solve. Anything related to class systems, or institutions of
		power is always relegated to a category of discussive sacredness. 
		
		Where it becomes part of this universe of endless circular discussion
		about the discussion itself, with endless whataboutisms and ideology 
		about "how to approach" certain subjects. 
		
		So any effort to demystify this sacred stalling tactic is met with knee
		jerk reaction. Just look at all the circular bullshit about race or
		indigenous people. They've been figuring out "how to approach" these
		subjects for just short of a century now. It's a method of gaslighting
		and censorship intended to keep people from reaching any real conclusions.
		
		Just look at Malcolm X's parable of the fox and the wolf. 
		
		For example: The indigenous issue is obvious. Because we've seen it play
		out in any number of historical scenarios. And whether it's Mozambique,
		Burkina Faso, India, China, Viet Nam, Cuba, South Africa, Haiti, East Indies, 
		Polynesia, whatever else, the first and foremost thing done is land reforms. 
		
		It's textbook. You give a civilisation land, they use the land as means 
		of productions, this in result gives them the power needed to repair their 
		societies and prosper. They don't need pontification, they need resources
		to grow and follow whatever goals they deem worthwhile as a people. 
		
		Does it fix everything? Of course not, but it gives people a chance to 
		actually gain self-determination and shape their own future, which is a 
		very useful and very practical thing. 
		
		And to this day, not one liberal politician has done so unless threatened
		by insurrectionary warfare from indigenous peasant rebels. 
		
		So we got this whole wing of progressive academia dedicated to making 
		this very obvious set of facts as controversial as humanly possible.
		
		And why is that? Simple: Liberalism was invented by slaveowners to spare
		them the French guillotine. It's a scam. Always has been. A stalling
		tactic for history's stingiest negotiators. Liberalism is freedom as
		defined by slavers, and it's stupid. Sadly the same slave owners also 
		invested heavily into what has today become the modern news media, so
		some cultural topics are off limits for me unless I want to be tarred
		and feathered by brainwashed idiots.
		
		Mind you, conservatives aren't much better, but at least they make their
		motives honest. Conservatives stab you in the belly, liberals stab you
		in the back. Both are enemies, but one is significantly more dangerous.
		
		End of the day, the woke hippie happy go lucky feel goodies with
		their high minded rhetoric about social justice... think democracy is
		when you vote for a registered corporation. The US Democratic party, 
		the most dominant lobby of progressive thought on the internet, is a 
		registered private corporation. 
		
		Corporations were invented in Dusseldorf during the Hansa for the sole 
		express purpose of trading slaves across continents, they were the 
		political backbone of Mussolini's campaign to Rome, and now they're 
		going to start saving the downtrodden apparently.
		
		Their system is as backwards as slavery and fascism, and yet we're being 
		told that progressives represent progress. 
		
		Feels a bit like time travelling into postclassical Europe, and hear 
		about how the Holy Roman church is going to bring an end to war and
		poverty.
		
		Point is, same reason they don't like people depicting mental health 
		issues. It's another stack of bodies for their big capitalist furance. 
		They perform sacred gibberish before they throw us on the fire, that way
		it looks less like murder. 
		
		But truth is, unresolved mental health problems is entirely the result
		of lacking access to resources. We have all kinds of medical technology
		to save people, but because of corporations, we deem some less worthy
		than others. Liberalism can't resolve that due to how it contradicts
		their own corporate nature, and so they employ stalling tactics.
		
		Good example of this being banks. When a bank needs a bailout, liberals
		respond with the servicability of a trained dog. But then look at basic
		women's rights, like voting, or abortion, or even having a personal bank 
		account. Suddenly liberalism shuts its doors to the decades of protests,
		needless suffering and police brutality. As though their massive body
		of political influence just upped and vanished all of a sudden. 
		
		But the historical record of policymaking shows that liberal politicians
		have plenty of power to generously spare when petitioned by bankers, 
		the military industrial complex, banana republics and private 
		corporations. It is only minorities who are relegated to the soapbox and
		the police dogs. 
		
		If they weren't so insufferably condescending, I'd feel bad for how 
		progressives don't even realise how they're one of the biggest
		instruments of injustice. How they exist as controlled opposition. 
		
		How they are taught to be opinionated loudmouths for the express purpose
		of drowning out voices who struggle to be heard. They even say so
		themselves "I will use my privilige to speak for others." 
		
		They think replacing a qualified speaker with a clueless idiot is a 
		winning tactic. They go to their grave thinking they've done people a
		favour. They have no idea how their lives and intellectual existence is
		an unfunny joke that made the world worse for humanity as a whole. How
		they perpetuate every injustice they speak against. How they are a bunch
		of petit-bourgeous clowns at the petit-bourgeous circus!
		
		Point is: Even though I have been personally affected by self harm, and
		have something to say about it, I feel powerless to do so. Because I know
		it will be met with self-defeating politically correct discourse about
		how we should all shut up and die quietly in the spirit of liberal 
		sacredness. 
