5-2135-12:
	Hello darling, just got off work. I'm currently catching up on news from home. Thanks for sending me the newspapers BTW!! I didn't realise just how
	much I missed the smell and sound of reading the newspaper in the morning. It really feels like... home, even if just for a moment. Just for a moment before it breaks my heart. 
	
	Sorry, I'm just being a bit sensitive, all the darkness kind of makes your mind feel dark too. It's. Bittersweet. I suppose. The world feels so far away down here. It's like when astronauts talk about the loneliness of space... it's like that, except you're trapped under a cramp Earthen sky that oppresses every thought in your mind. There is no beauty here. No comfort. No resolve. There's only darkness, and terrible, terrible sounds. They tell us it's a quirk of the airflow, but it's kind of an open secret that they're bullshitting us. 
	
	Oh yeah! And a hilarious thing happened at work today! Jared was getting training in how to operate the grid panel, and then Tom starts sneaking up on him! And like, I'm seeing this and I'm tapping shoulders and giggling and gathering the croud quietly as we're all dying of anticipation! 
	
	And then Tom gets up really close (and he knows the audience has arrived ROFL), so he looks at us and does the shush sign, and like half of us start biting our hands to keep from brusting out laughing! 
	
	So Tom just stands casually, and then out of nowhere he just BOPS Jared right on his helmet and sends the helmet FLYING right into the surveying shaft! And everyone is fucking losing it!!! 
	
	Now, obviously, Jared is gonna be a total asshole about it. Instead of having a sense of humor and playing along and seeing how it's just a stupid joke and how it's nothing personal, he has to ruin the fun. So he starts mouthing off about HR and official complaints and bla bla bla so Tom just RUSHES him, and Jared is just a deer in the headlights, and then just INSTANTLY stops when he's up at Jared's face. 
	
	And he just stands there still, and even WE are like a bit worried for a sec lol. But then Tom is like "HEY! If you don't cut this bullshit, then next up, I'm gonna sacrifice a virgin to what will be known as the Jared Memorial Surveying Shaft." AND WE ARE LOSING IT!!! 
	
	At that point, even Jared started laughing, it was SO FUNNY!
	
	I really miss you, thanks for existing etc.etc.etc :P
	
	--SENT FROM SAGENET-ECHO-RELAY-AUTHSRV-rln. 208590, (manifest n. 295-6254-025)
	
	6-2135-12:
	Holy Moses you'll never guess what happened! I know I'm supposed to say a bunch of bullshit about how amazing you are and how lucky I am to have you (:}) but like, seriously, you NEED to hear this. 
	
	Becauuuuuse... I have Tom and Jared episode 2!!!
	
	So we were in the showers, shift had just ended, and we're just getting clean and avoiding eye contact basically when suddenly TOM IS THERE! FULLY DRESSED! He just steps in, and as always... EVERYONE NOTICES except for Jared. He is just turned towards the wall all huddled up living in his own world lol. 
	
	So Tom starts sneaking. And then he pulls out his ballistic driver, and he is moving in on Jared like a TOTAL PSYCHO, and we're biting our hands and struggling to stay quiet!!! When suddenly... Tom gets real close... and then he leans in... and he goes "HEYY!", just as loud as he can, and it like, echoes across the building, it was so funny! 
	
	And we're just losing it on the sidelines, I couldn't see who but one of us fell on his ass because he slipped and fell from laughing! They actually had to bring him to the brig for exams lol 
	
	But anyways, so Jared just starts skittering like a dog with long claws, and manages to grab the shower rod before slipping and falling, so he's hanging off this shower rod that's just PIPING HOT, and he screams and lets it go and we're all folding over laughing! 
	
	And then, when we think it's over, Tom goes, "IT'S NOT OVER YET!" and he takes out his ballistic driver and aims it squarely at Jared's face, and we're thinking he's just goofing around and it's empty, right? So he just holds it there for a while, and shit gets tense. The laughter dies down and we're all kinda spooked, right? 
	
	So a few guys are like "Come on Tom, quit fooling around.", "Yeah Tom, just end it on a high note, you know?", stuff like that. When Tom PUTS ON A PAIR OF FUCKING SUNGLASSES, and goes "Nah. I'm here to put a dead little bitch in the dirt." AND PULLS THE FUCKING TRIGGER! The flash goes off and the whole room looks completely white for a second, and since this prick DIDN'T PUT ON A MUFFLER, we're seeing cracks in the mirrors from the sound. Like we all just got flashbanged basically, and are just struggling to even figure out where we are. 
	
	And I can smell the contact alloy in the air as the room starts to be visible to us all again, and after being dazed for a few seconds, we all think "Holy shit, Jared!"
	
	And we all just fucking rush at Jared and people are like "OH MY GOD HOW COULD YOU DO THAT TOM?!" "YOU KILLED JARED???!!!" and someone was like TOM WTF DID YOu DO?! and Tom is like "I made a sensor based safety mechanism that widens the gas compression channel so the drive breach won't cycle. Thought you morons were engineers." and WE JUST LOSE OUR MINDS! Like he dropped us all, so you got like 20 naked guys just rolling on the shower floor, and then Tom is there with smoke still coming off the barrel, and Jared is presumably having some kind of PTSD event LOL!!! 
	
	Oh my god. I died. I died and went to laughing heaven. Tom is the best guy ever!! 
	
	- Your obvious admirerer
	--SENT FROM SAGENET-ECHO-RELAY-AUTHSRV-rln. 208590, (manifest n. 429-8254-003)
 
	19-2135-12:
	So first things first: We had (and I know this is gonna surprise you SOOO MUUUCH)... ANOTHER OUTAGE! That's right. So turns out I am, in fact, NOT leaving you and joining the circus. It's just a network issue and I miss you more than ever. 
	
	And I'm just gonna skip the boring stuff with this quick list, and get down to the important matters. So: 
		
		- Sam fell off the unistrut platform. Again.
		- We played "Guess the dead animal" for the 5987395th time
		- One of the chaplains had a heart attack and we all wrote him a nice card. 
		- You know the spooky sounds I mentioned? They got spookier. Now, we have not just the mumbler echo wind sound, and not just the "I'm 35% worried that's laughter"-sound. But also, now we got... - and I'm stalling with the use of emphasis here - digerridoo velocirator. Only way I can describe it. 
	
	aaaannd... that's about it. Now, for the important matters: 
		
		Tom and Jared 3: The third episode lol 
		
		So like this is technically two Tom and Jareds for the price of one, so get ready. 
		
		Thisss time it's a bit different. Because Tom invites us to a showroom. He has rigged the security cameras and we see Jared alone on a nightshift. And Tom flips a switch and suddenly we hear Jared do his stupid whistling and we begin to snicker right away, and like this one dude goes "Give us a minute Tom I wanna get the guys some fresh popcorn" and we're having the time of our lives. 
		
		And since Jared for some reason decided to request a reassignment (always with the drama lol), he was on night shift. That's right. Not only did HR tell Jared to quit being a bitch, but they put him on night and I hear they're even paying him less, guy is such a moron)
		
		Anyways, we're here. And we have no idea what is gonna happen next. Tom goes out the door, and like... we're just watching every monitor waiting for what's next. And about 40 seconds later, someone's like "Hey guys! Upper right corner!" and lo and behold... it's Tom. Wearing a balaclava. 
		
		And immediately we're all looking at eachother like super hyped. This is on another level, right? So he goes to this terminal and starts typing, and suddenly in the corner there's a timestamp override.
		
		And it reads in succession: 
			
			"HEY BOYOS"
			"IT'S YOUR MAN TOM"
			"MARK MY WORDS:"
			"DEAD. LITTLE. BITCH"
			
		And then he turns back to the camera, and he PICKS UP A FUCKING ROCK HAMMER, and we're losing it as we're watching this lunatic in a balaclava sneak up on Jared with a ROCK HAMMER. 
		
		So Jared is just working, having NO IDEA that there's a man with a balaclava and a rock hammer coming up on him. Then Tom goes behind an alcove for a sec, and when he comes out, he's holding a rag of some kind. But then he grabs it by both ends, and it's UNDERWEAR! He then points at Jared and we're all just trying to keep it together. 
		
		So he throws it on the ground behind Jared, and then we all wait for TWO SOLID MINUTES before Jared notices. And when he does, he has to be classic Jared about it, so he goes dumb with anger and starts acting like a fuckbag. "Alright Tom, I know it's you, whatever you're doing I really don't want any part of it. Please Tom I ask you as a friend." Bla. Bla. FUCKING bla. Am I right? 
		
		But don't worry: Jared will get what he deserves. Justice will be DONE! 
		
		Because Tom starts banging gently on the pipes, and they sound just like church bells, and we're all losing it! And he just keeps doing it until Jared goes kinda quiet, because Tom just haaaas to be a psycho LMAO!!!
		
		Then the sound stops, and Jared goes "Tom, don't be a fucking asshole, I'm tired of this, just stop." But no-no-no Jared, you won't slow down the hero of this story just yet. The evil Jared will meet his just desserts in the end... 
		
		Aaaand we just got the 20 second warning for yet ANOTHER solar flare. Typingsuperfastnowilukthxbai
	--SENT FROM SAGENET-ECHO-RELAY-AUTHSRV-AUX-A2c-rln. 208593, (manifest n. 973-8586-107)

	25-2135-12:
		...you know what? I'm just gonna pick up where I left off AND then tell you about what's been happened. 
		
		So, Jared is being all boring and annoying trying to ruen everyone's fun, just "I'm serious, I'll report you!" and it's like, to who? HR? Sure Jared, be a moron AGAIN. 
		
		Point is, dumb old Jared is just bumbling around the place acting like a you-know-what haha, and Tom moves in on him. He's gripping the hammer and looks super scary, like a slasher villain, and he is TOTALLY quiet, and like, Jared has no idea it's Tom. He did kinda fake it, like he thought he knew because he was pissing himself, but he actually didn't know since why else would he be pissing himself, you know? So yeah, 
		Jared has no clue, totally a deer in the headlights, just saying random shit and acting all annoying and stuff. 
		
		And then, Tom stops, and he picks up the underwear. And Jared is like "Tom, I'm not fucking kidding, put down the underwear, I've had it with your bullshit."
		
		And Tom just CHARGES him! And he starts running, so Tom throws the hammer RIGHT NEXT TO Jared's legs, but Jared starts to freak himself out and just falls over on his own like an idiot, and we lost our shit. He had a nosebleed and everything! And then Tom moves in on him, as Jared is down on all fours and Tom starts goofing around like pretending to comb his hair, and adjusting his crotch and shit, and we're all just laughing, like I'm pretty sure you could hear it through the wall because Jared was like "Guys, stop laughing, this isn't funny."
		which made us laugh EVEN harder. 
		
		But anyhow, Jared is on the ground, nosebleed and OH YEAH, broken glasses, this idiot broke his own glasses lol. Anyhow, so Tom moves up on him all bowlegged and we're laughing and then Tom takes the underwear and put them around Jared like a garotte, except around his mouth instead of neck, and then he pretends to ride him like a horse, and Jared is like screaming and calling for help, and Tom is like "Ride underwear pony! Ride! Ride!" and we're just going mad with laughter! It was soooooo funny. 
		
		Now, for story 2: 
			
			Basically, Jared took ANOTHER reassignment, and HR punished him YET again, dude is so stoooopid. Just a moron and an idiot. He can't help but fuck up. If he was a rat in one of BF Skinner's experiments, then you'd need to attract him using missed opportunities, you know? Toooootal loser. 
			
			Anyhow, old idiot guy over here is now on laundry duty, and Tom started joking and calling him "Housewife." It's super funny! Everyone is laughing at it, even Jared has to leave the room because he can't keep a straight face, but I've heard him sneak off to laugh at it. Because like we all know that Jared and Tom are in cahoots, it's not actually real, you know? It's like theatrical wrestling you know? 
			
			Because Tom told me about it last week, turns out Jared and Tom have been friends for decades, and they do this kind of hilarious stuff all the time! Because, I'm not gonna lie, I was a little concerned, but Tom is such a nice and smart guy, he actually THANKED me for bringing it up, because he doesn't want people to feel uncomfortable if he can do something to help them. Like I feel stupid for even asking. 
			
			And then he told me that I was the ONLY ONE who knew besides Tom and Jared. So I am sworn to secrecy now, and they can trust me. Tried asking Jared about it and he did this funny thing where he totally freaked out on me like "FRIENDS?! WTF IS WRONG WITH YOU WHY WOULD I EVER BE FRIENDS WITH HIM????" It was so good, like he is super committed and in a way I respect that. Like I know I called Jared an idiot but I am proud to say I have learned and grown. Jared is smarter than any of us ;), and I feel bad for being prejudiced. Now I acknowledge how he should be respected and seen. 
			
			I have seen Jared now as a real human being, and how he expresses himself to make us all happy. In his own little way, even Jared is a hero to us all!!
			
			And in scary noises news: The Velociraptor seems to have bought a hot-tub. It's all bubbly and liquid now. So weird. 
			
			Also the guys started making this HORRIBLE JOKE about how the real reason why you don't get to send replies for me to read is because they told our families that we're dead, and now they're using cycles of chemical amnesia to keep us here forever. 
			
			It kinda creeps you out when you think about it, it's super funny!!
			
			But I know you're reading this, I can feel you thinking about me. I miss you a lot, but won't be long now. Just remember: It's just one more year, and I actually got my discharge itinerary, turns out I'll be home just in time for Christmas. You may have to get started without me in terms of preparing, but I'll be there to meet you at the finish line.
			
			So, now for the second story. 
			
			Jared is doing his laundry, just totally deadpan and in character. And we're just kinda glancing at him and snickering because we know that something is up. Because he's just standing there, he's not doing weird Jared shit like going to the bathroom for half an hour, or talking to his mom on the phone about how he wants to move home. He's just kinda there, you know? 
			
			So while he's spacing, we spot Tom. And he sneaks up on Jared and then suddenly shouts in his ear "HELLO JARED" and Jared just fucking falls over, and we're all laughing already. 
			
			And then he grabs Jared by his belt, and just goes "Hey boys! Who wants to witness the miracle of childbirth from our lovely housewife over here?!"
			
			And we all start going like "We do! We do!" and the energy is just really high in the room. 
			
			And then Tom goes "So you wanna see me deliver a big, slippery and crying baby?" and we're just nodding along and chanting "Childbirth! Childbirth! Childbirth!", and it's fucking bizarre, like it's very funny. We must've looked like total psychos to the unwitting observer. 
			
			So Tom just pulls Jared up by his belt, and fucking FLIPS him into the washing machine, and Jared is freaking out, so Tom takes out a large Erlenmeyer flask and goes "Here, catch." and throws it to Jared who barely catches it. And then he goes "Hold perfectly still in there, otherwise you're gonna get cut up by the glass." And Jared starts screaming, but Tom cuts him off mid sentence by shutting the porthole!
			
			And then he just turns it on! And we're all shouting "Jared! Jared! Jared!" and like clapping and cheering him on, it's so much fun. And to be honest I am very impressed with Tom. Jared was always kind of insecure, and would get picked on a lot. Very quiet, kind of a wallflower, you know? And Tom has really helped him come out of his shell and find himself. 
			
			For example, Jared has been seeing a therapist since Tom started putting more of an effort into helping him, which to me shows how he's finally taking responsibility for how he's always being such an asshole whenever someone is trying to liven things up around here. 
			
			And I like to think I've been a big help in Jared's improvement too, since Tom let me in on his secret and all. I'm sort of like "The man who helps the man who helps the man", if you will, the top mind who doesn't even need credit. Tom has, in his own way, passed the crown to me. He runs the day to day affairs, and I remain the keeper of secrets. It's a good arrangement, and I feel I am hitting my stride. In many ways, I am testing Tom just as much as he is testing me. We've developed a pipeline into eachother's minds, we're able to see what the other sees. 
			
			I don't mean to brag, but we are both very sophisticated men in comparison to some of our workmates. They just don't have our level of intellect and creativity. They don't "get" how when Tom pretends to forget my name, that's a pat on the back, because it means he's not being performative around me. He lets his guard down. He makes mistakes. Forgetting someone's name is a gesture of trust really. It shows true friendship. 
			
			Anyways, this is your super sexy smart guy signing off ;P
			
			And remember in case you miss me: Christmas '27 FTW!
		
			--SENT FROM SAGENET-ECHO-RELAY-AUTHSRV-rln. 208590, (manifest n. 350-1558-617)
		
	31-2135-12:
		
		I swear, it didn't used to be this bad. But, as long as I get to send you lovemail SOMETIMES then I guess that's fine. In fact, I asked the document officer about if you liked the letter or not. I know they're not allowed to reveal secrets about their job activity, but he gave me this glance towards the train leading to the outside, like "Yeah, she was super excited."
		
		Anyhow, since I miss you so much, I came up with a fun game!
		
		I am gonna guess what kind of questions you have for me: 
			
			SO: 1. Are you okay?
		
		Don't worry darling, this is my biggest question too. Both to you, but also sometimes to myself. Being down here without you is tough, and even though I'm coming up in what is as of today a mere matter of months! We'll be together again, and I can finally hear your side of this conversation :')
		
		Truth is, I am okay. This is just a bit emotional because of the isolation, it doesn't mean anything. In fact, we're given mental health checks every week, and they even have a neurologist present and they make us perform routine IQ tests and everything, so it's all very safe. They really care about us here. 
		
		So I am SUPER SAFE sweetie. No need to worry. Hahah. 
		
		2. How much are they paying? 
		
		I am excited about this too. I have heard from some workers that their exit pay can be as high as 2 MILLION. Especially if you join the work club, because then you're allowed to work two extra hours per day at halftime, which might sound weird since you might ask "Why do you do more work for less pay? How is that profitable?"
		
		And that's a super smart question. Truth is that it's about the insiders. I've known a couple of guys who have talked to insiders, and they say that at the end of your worktour, they bring your performance report into a secret room where 3 paymasters show up and look them over carefully. Then, after seeing how well you worked, they add a "humility bonus" that grants extra money, which is actually paid in not just cash, but also stocks on top of the cash. So we are going to be RICH. Trust me on this. People have theorised about some pretty big numbers. 
		
		Some even say as high as 7 million! There was one guy who said his former classmate got 15 million, and became so high profile that he had to go into witness protection to avoid threats from competing firms. 
		
		3. What are we doing here? 
		
		That's an awesome question honey, and to be honest? It's a bit complicated. I only know what my own team does, and we are in charge of building systems. We make linear circuits, we make currency lines, we dig a lot of backup tunnels and make sure they have light and air pockets. We perform safety drills a lot too. In fact, regs now say you need to do safety drills 3 hours per day, how wacky is that huh? 
		
		We also glassify the concrete, which is kind of cool, you use glass particles to give it better traction in tunnels with humidity. Basically you get old bottles and stuff, and you just throw them on the ground and pick up the large and visible pieces, and then leave the trace powder to embed in the tarmac. It's really clever. 
		
		We also need to do a lot of shadow checks. The security cameras can be distorted by shadows that look like moving people or strange shapes and stuff, so we take pictures of them to study their movement pattern and see if we can adjust the lighting to make it stop. This is actually very important for insurance reasons, and could potentially save people's lives. 
		
		And biggest thing of all: Gossip. Speak of, I am so glad you sent me those newspapers! We'd go crazy without them. It's only me and another guy who gets the news. In fact, I remember in I think one of the 26-07 issues, there was a really good article about what marriage is like for women who marry tunnelmen, and truth is, there is a lot of things that are difficult. The high death rate for one thing, that's why they call you tunnel widows even when we're alive still! 
		
		But there is a simple reason for the high death tolls. A lot of these guys give in to temptation, they get all these millions, become rich, and then get greedy. So they work themselves to death. I on the other hand have a system, which is, work once, get enough money for comfort, and then quit. That's the clever approach in my opinion, that way you avoid getting trapped down here just chasing money that the company will likely just inherit back in the event of your death anyways.
		
		See that's how they get you, it's with the company inheritance policy. But it makes sense, that's why they can pay us so much in the first place. Because they take back the lifetime investments of guys like me, and since you all will get the life insurance anyways, who cares, right? We all win, it's a perfect system. 
		
		Okay, so that's the 3 big questions I figured you would be asking by now. I'll send you more updates in a couple of days (We're deep core drilling for the next few days in search of hidden treasure).
		
		Your soon to be once more :P
		<3
		
		--SENT FROM SAGENET-ECHO-RELAY-AUTHSRV-rln. 208590, (manifest n. 716-7001-831)

	37-2135-12:
		
		OH. MY. GOD. Do I have news for you! The Tom and Jared story just reached its climax, and we are all blown away! I was gonna send you a letter later tonight but I need to send you this first: 
			
			Tom got reassigned to another sector, and I know what you're thinking "Oh shit, how is that gonna work? Jared needs him."
			
			But don't worry! Tom and Jared are both safe, as Tom actually got Jared a reassignment too thanks to his influential family within the company. He has to pretend to be poor to keep up appearances with the other guys, but he actually confided in me again. Once more, the man behind the man sits at a unique vantage point... that's right darling, you married a very smart man.
		
		Now I have seen it all. So get this: We come to work, and both of them are missing. Jared is gone, and Tom is gone. Then we see a tape with a bow on it, and it reads "From Tom and Jared to our best buddies."
		
		And like that was kind of a blow all on its own. The fact that he says to our best buddies, in plural, really speaks to how highly he regarded me. Because he knows that I don't need that kind of validation, I lack that sort of ego. We have an immutable bond, and it doesn't need reinforcing when we're brothers for life. 
		
		I also got my own assignment! No more teams! I'm doing a neosphere expidition, apparently the outpost there is SO POPULAR among assign workers that they end up working there for life. How cool is that? I am gonna have the cushiest and safest job EVER, so you won't have to worry about me so much. 
		
		But I pwooomise I will still worry about you <3 
		
		Anyways, the tape:
			
			We fire up the monitor, plug the deck into the bus, and the tape into the deck, and boom! Showtime. 
			
			And then we saw the funniest skit EVER! 
			
			So, we got Tom there, and we got Jared there, and Jared is tied to a chair! Tom is wearing his robber mask and doing these hilarious psycho eyes at the camera. Then they just go FULL ON, they made a bunch of prop versions of our tools and stuff, and added special effects to it. Which makes sense, I mean Tom is, when you think about it, an actual genius. 
			
			He made that awesome safety mechanism for our ballistic drivers, and he actually got a letter from the company HQ - or, heheh, HIS company HQ, if you will ;) - and I'm pretty sure that driver mechanism must've saved thousands of lives by now. And he didn't even ask his family for credit, he just wanted us workers to be safe. 
			
			So this is the guy we're talking about. And he made some AMAZING designs. Like first he "hits" Jared over the head with a rock hammer, causing the guy to like wig out his eye and start bleeding from the nose, it was super creepy!!
			
			And then he takes the guy and removes his shoes, and like hangs Jared upside down from the ceiling on meat hooks, and he is hanging there by the tendons! And Jared is doing an AMAZING job staying in character, he's just twitching and wigging out from the head injury. 
			
			And it was so painful looking too, because Tom actually skewers the meathooks behind Jared's tendons, and then slowly pulls him up by a winch. 
			
			It was so gross. And then it gets really weird. Because Tom puts a hose into Jared's mouth, and then starts to pump what looks like hot and molten metal into Jared's stomch. 
			
			And it looks super creepy and realistic, because Jared starts twitching like crazy, and the hooks scrape against the metal rod, and like you see steam coming out of Jared's skin pores as he turns all read, and then at the end Jared lets out a HUGE fart as steam starts coming out of his ass, and you see the metal has burrowed right through his body and was dripping on the floor. 
			
			It was SO realistic, and we were cheering them both on the whole time. I was honestly taken aback by it. 
			
			I'm sorry but I'm just a little bit sentimental, it's rare to see a friendship as beautiful as that of the one shared by me and Tom, and the way Tom just took that little guy under his wing. It's an inspiration, and I am so glad to have known him, even if it only was briefly. 
			
			You will always be my soulmate honey, but Tom sure is a close second. :P
		
		--SENT FROM SAGENET-ECHO-RELAY-AUTHSRV-rln. 208590, (manifest n. 1125-2257-173)
